
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002010                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2009687000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 2009687000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 166621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   360902                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              212253578                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1577617                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3417140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           23232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         4207424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4230656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        23232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4138944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4138944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            65741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               66104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         64671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              64671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           11560009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data         2093571785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            2105131794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      11560009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         11560009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2059496827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2059496827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2059496827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          11560009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data        2093571785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4164628621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       66105                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      64723                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     66105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    64723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4229888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4140416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4230720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4142272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              4158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              4146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              4006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2009685000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 66105                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                64723                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   36825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   6538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   5366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         8787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    952.366906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   880.629676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.289468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          206      2.34%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          121      1.38%      3.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          286      3.25%      6.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      0.16%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      0.15%      7.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      0.42%      7.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          239      2.72%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          235      2.67%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7636     86.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         8787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.343225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.058821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.333944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            504     12.46%     12.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31          3531     87.31%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             2      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             2      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             1      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            1      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::400-415            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-463            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             4043    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1966221750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3205446750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  330460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29749.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.92                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48499.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      2104.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      2060.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   2105.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   2061.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        32.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    16.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   16.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    61615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   60378                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                93.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      15361.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    93.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 31401720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 16679025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               236448240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              167092200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         158577120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            707330100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              8272800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       160160880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        32928480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1518890565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            755.784640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            436931000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      2647000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      67080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     85772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1502915000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    351272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 31380300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 16667640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               235448640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              170584380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         158577120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            730155180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              7597920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       158452020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        15821280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             1524684480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            758.667633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            388571500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      67080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     41192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1550323500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    347379250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  265514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            265514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               265198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 84                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          265198                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             262562                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2636                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          477                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      525930                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      525832                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1135                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            27                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                        1976                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           107                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          4019375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              12410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1587727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      265514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             262806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       3985921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           306                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      1906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            3999333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.859431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.242086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  3411892     85.31%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                    56528      1.41%     86.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     2698      0.07%     86.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     2682      0.07%     86.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    56484      1.41%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   200971      5.03%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     2752      0.07%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     2732      0.07%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   262594      6.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              3999333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.066059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.395018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    91972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               3476979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    213952                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                215800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    630                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                3434620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    630                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   198507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2850057                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    313206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                635849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                3432766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 560380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  36716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             3697045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               8711864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          3705596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           2097777                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               3680163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    16882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 26                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             23                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   1436241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               526471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              526375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                18                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores               34                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    3429571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  76                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   3425763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           12506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        17738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       3999333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.856584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.621301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             2803936     70.11%     70.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              340599      8.52%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              284864      7.12%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              146563      3.66%     89.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              199412      4.99%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              112413      2.81%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               76595      1.92%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               23144      0.58%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               11807      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         3999333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     218      0.28%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 65403     84.02%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      7      0.01%     84.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     6      0.01%     84.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             12201     15.67%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                6      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               264      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1848885     53.97%     53.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    7      0.00%     53.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    29      0.00%     53.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              524498     15.31%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 1784      0.05%     69.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1526      0.04%     69.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          524330     15.31%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         524440     15.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                3425763                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.852312                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       77841                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.022722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            7704661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1868803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1850745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             3224172                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            1573354                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1573280                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                1852449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 1650891                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    630                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2482982                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 53453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             3429647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                526471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               526375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 38                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  39538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  1762                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            108                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  796                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               3424563                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                525930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      1051761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   263705                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     525831                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.852014                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        3424274                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       3424025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   2393328                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   3938959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.851880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.607604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           12507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               9                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3997201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.854883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.381813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      3404483     85.17%     85.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       131614      3.29%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        66058      1.65%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          815      0.02%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          455      0.01%     90.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          110      0.00%     90.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          331      0.01%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           71      0.00%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       393264      9.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3997201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1577617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                3417140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        1050486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        525121                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     263165                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    1573272                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   2892656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   91                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           29      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          1842105     53.91%     53.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     53.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     53.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         524494     15.35%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             795      0.02%     69.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            925      0.03%     69.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       524326     15.34%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       524440     15.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           3417140                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                393264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      7033584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     6861463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           20042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1577617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       3417140                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.547751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.547751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.392503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.392503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  3691373                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 1585685                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   2097730                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  1048793                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                   1317776                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                  1052964                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 1580334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             64717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1009.789997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              526787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             65741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.013066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            151000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1009.789997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.986123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2167891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2167891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       525267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         525267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        526787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           526787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       526787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          526787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       524190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        524190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       524288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         524288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       524288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        524288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39895538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39895538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6551000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6551000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39902089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39902089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39902089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39902089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       525710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       525710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       525365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       525365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1051075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1051075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1051075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1051075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.498811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.498811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.498811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.498811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76108.926153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76108.926153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66846.938776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66846.938776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76107.194901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76107.194901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76107.194901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76107.194901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        64671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             64671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       458547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       458547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       458547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       458547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       458547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       458547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5269266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5269266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5275719500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5275719500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5275719500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5275719500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.124865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80271.567418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80271.567418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65846.938776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65846.938776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80250.064648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80250.064648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80250.064648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80250.064648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                52                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           288.603691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                1426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              3.928375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   288.603691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.563679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.563679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              4175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             4175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            1426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          1426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             1426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            1426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29447999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29447999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29447999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29447999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29447999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29447999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         1906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.251836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.251836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.251836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.251836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.251836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.251836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61349.997917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61349.997917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61349.997917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61349.997917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61349.997917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61349.997917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22920500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22920500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62968.406593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62968.406593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62968.406593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62968.406593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62968.406593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62968.406593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        130874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        64770                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2009687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              66006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               46                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         65643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total          779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       196199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total       196199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 196978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        26560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total        26560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8346368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total      8346368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8372928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             66105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.007779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   66101     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       4      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               66105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           400237500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization              19.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1928749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          346004250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization             17.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
